= array_attribute

Array atrribute accessor helper.

This helper creates two methods to classes.

array_attribute and carray_attribute.

With these you can create methods that encapsulate an array
property if you have never used or accessed the property it will
have an empty array as a default value.

example.rb

    require 'rubygems'
    require 'array_attribute'

    class Developer
      carray_attribute :fingers
      array_attribute :tickets, :hot_chicks
    end

    developer = Developer.new

    puts developer.tickets.inspect

    developer.tickets << 1
    developer.tickets << 2
    developer.tickets << 3
    puts developer.tickets.inspect

    developer.tickets.pop
    developer.tickets.pop
    puts developer.tickets.inspect

    developer.tickets.pop
    puts developer.tickets.inspect

    puts developer.hot_chicks.inspect

    developer.hot_chicks << 1
    developer.hot_chicks << 2
    developer.hot_chicks << 3
    puts developer.hot_chicks.inspect

    puts Developer.fingers.inspect 

    (1..10).to_a.each do |finger|
      Developer.fingers << finger
    end

    puts Developer.fingers.inspect 

output:

    []
    [1, 2, 3]
    [1]
    []
    []
    [1, 2, 3]
    []
    [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]

== Contributing to array_attribute
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2014 kazuyoshi tlacaelel. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

